docs/certificate-resources.md, before:

# Certificate Resources

Certificate resources are used to declare one or more Let's Encrypt issued TLS certificates. 
Certificate resources are consumed by the [Kubernetes Certificate Manager](https://github.com/PalmStoneGames/kube-cert-manager).

Before you can create a Certificate resource you must create the [Certificate Third Party Resource](certificate-third-party-resource.md) in your Kubernetes cluster.

## Required Fields

- apiVersion - The Kubernetes API version. See Certificate Third Party Resource.
- kind - The Kubernetes resource type.
- metadata.name - The name of the Certificate resource.
- spec.domain - The DNS domain to obtain a Let's Encrypt certificate for.

## Optional Fields

- spec.secretName - The name of the created secret. If not set or empty, a name will be generated based on the domain name.
- spec.email - The email address used for a Let's Encrypt registration. Optional, if you set the [`-default-email` argument](deployment-arguments.yaml).
- spec.provider - The name of the challenge provider plugin (see [Configuring your challenge provider(s)](providers.md)). Optional, if you set the [`-default-provider` argument](deployment-arguments.yaml).

## Example Certificate resource

The following Kubernetes Certificate configuration assume the following:

- The necessary environment variables for the googlecloud provider are set.
- The `psg.io` domain is registered.
- The `psg.io` domain is managed by [Google Cloud DNS](https://cloud.google.com/dns)

```
apiVersion: "stable.k8s.psg.io/v1"
kind: "Certificate"
metadata:
  name: "psg-dot-io"
spec:
  domain: "psg.io"
  email: "admin@psg.io"
  provider: "googlecloud"
```

Commit message:

Add support for subject alternative names when requesting certificates (#46)
* Add support for subject alternative names when requesting certificates

* Simplify array handling

* Early return when returning default value

* Support altnames for ingress certificates

* Wrap error and return nil as empty slice

docs/certificate-resources.md, after:

# Certificate Resources

Certificate resources are used to declare one or more Let's Encrypt issued TLS certificates. 
Certificate resources are consumed by the [Kubernetes Certificate Manager](https://github.com/PalmStoneGames/kube-cert-manager).

Before you can create a Certificate resource you must create the [Certificate Third Party Resource](certificate-third-party-resource.md) in your Kubernetes cluster.

## Required Fields

- apiVersion - The Kubernetes API version. See Certificate Third Party Resource.
- kind - The Kubernetes resource type.
- metadata.name - The name of the Certificate resource.
- spec.domain - The DNS domain to obtain a Let's Encrypt certificate for.

## Optional Fields

- spec.secretName - The name of the created secret. If not set or empty, a name will be generated based on the domain name.
- spec.email - The email address used for a Let's Encrypt registration. Optional, if you set the [`-default-email` argument](deployment-arguments.yaml).
- spec.provider - The name of the challenge provider plugin (see [Configuring your challenge provider(s)](providers.md)). Optional, if you set the [`-default-provider` argument](deployment-arguments.yaml).
- spec.altNames - A string array of optional subject alternative names to be included in the certificate.

## Example Certificate resource

The following Kubernetes Certificate configuration assume the following:

- The necessary environment variables for the googlecloud provider are set.
- The `psg.io` domain is registered.
- The `psg.io` domain is managed by [Google Cloud DNS](https://cloud.google.com/dns)

```
apiVersion: "stable.k8s.psg.io/v1"
kind: "Certificate"
metadata:
  name: "psg-dot-io"
spec:
  domain: "psg.io"
  email: "admin@psg.io"
  provider: "googlecloud"
```
