docs/deployment-guide.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

This guide will walk you through deploying the Kubernetes Certificate Manager.

By default `kube-cert-manager` obtains certificates from the Let's Encrypt staging environment. Set the `-amce-url` flag to `https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory` for production.

## High Level Tasks

* Create the Certificate Third Party Resource
* Create the Kubernetes Certificate Manager Deployment

## Deploying the Kubernetes Certificate Manager

### Create the Certificate Third Party Resource

The `kube-cert-manager` is driven by [Kubernetes Certificate Objects](certificate-objects.md). Certificates are not a core Kubernetes kind, but can be enabled with the [Certificate Third Party Resource](certificate-third-party-resource.md):

Create the Certificate Third Party Resource:

```
kubectl create -f k8s/certificate-type.yaml 
```


### Configure your DNS providers (if any)

If you want to use DNS challenges, you'll need to [Configure your DNS provider](providers.md)
If you do not do this, only http and tls challenges will be available.

### Configure your kubectl version

The deployment leverages `kubectl` running in proxy mode for API access. By default, the deployment is set to use kubectl 1.4.0 for this. If you are running in a 1.3 cluster, change this to 1.3.6.
For a list of available versions, check the [hub.docker.com page for kubectl-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/palmstonegames/kubectl-proxy/tags/)

### Create the Kubernetes Certificate Manager Deployment

The `kube-cert-manager` requires persistent storage to hold the following data:

* Let's Encrypt user accounts, private keys, and registrations
* Let's Encrypt issued certificates

Create a persistent disk which will store the `kube-cert-manager` database.
> [boltdb](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt) is used to persistent data.

```
gcloud compute disks create kube-cert-manager --size 10GB
```

> 10GB is the minimal disk size for a Google Compute Engine persistent disk.

The `kube-cert-manager` requires access to the Kubernetes API to perform the following tasks:

* Read secrets that hold Google cloud service accounts.
* Create, update, and delete Kubernetes TLS secrets backed by Let's Encrypt Issued certificates.

The `kube-cert-manager` leverages `kubectl` running in proxy mode for API access and both containers should be deployed in the same pod.

Create the `kube-cert-manager` deployment:

```
kubectl create -f k8s/deployment.yaml 
```
```
deployment "kube-cert-manager" created
```

Review the `kube-cert-manager` logs:

```
kubectl get pods
```
```
NAME                                 READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kube-cert-manager-1999323568-op6nk   2/2       Running   0          25s
```

```
kubectl logs kube-cert-manager-1999323568-op6nk kube-cert-manager
```

```
2016/09/14 15:08:24 Starting Kubernetes Certificate Controller...
2016/09/14 15:08:24 Kubernetes Certificate Controller started successfully.
```

Commit message:

Add 'class' label and argument, add default email/provider arguments (#39)
* Implement optional 'class' label as a filter within the selected namespace(s), only resources labelled with the configured 'class' label value are managed
Implement default provider and default email options, that are used except when overridden by the corresponding Certficate fields or annotations on Ingresses
Add log messages when creating or updating a Secret
Make prefix for labels and annotations able to be overridden with -tagPrefix
Make namespace for Certificate resource able to be overridden with -certNamespace
Correct syntax for setting Lego ACME HTTP and HTTPS challenge ports

* Update the documentation for the new Ingress 'class' label and new default email and provider arguments
Add documentation of the deprecated Ingress 'enabled' annotation
Add complete documentation of all deployment arguments
Update the documentation and sample 'deployment.yaml' in preparation for a 0.5.0 release
Change the default `-class` argument value to 'default', enabling the class label behavior be default (can set to blank for backwards compatibility)
Add special upgrade note to README.md for people using the old `enabled` annotation behavior

* Tweaks and typos in README

* Typos and improvements to documentation

* Minor documentation updates

docs/deployment-guide.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

This guide will walk you through deploying the Kubernetes Certificate Manager.

By default `kube-cert-manager` obtains certificates from the Let's Encrypt staging environment. 
Set the `-amce-url` flag to `https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory` for production.

## High Level Tasks

* Create the Certificate Third Party Resource
* Create the Kubernetes Certificate Manager Deployment

## Deploying the Kubernetes Certificate Manager

### Create the Certificate Third Party Resource

The `kube-cert-manager` is driven by [Kubernetes Certificate Resources](certificate-resources.md). 
Certificates are not a core Kubernetes kind, but can be enabled with the [Certificate Third Party Resource](certificate-third-party-resource.md):

Create the Certificate Third Party Resource:

```
kubectl create -f k8s/certificate-type.yaml 
```

### Configure your DNS providers (if any)

If you want to use DNS challenges, you'll need to [Configure your DNS provider](providers.md)
If you do not do this, only http and tls challenges will be available.

### Configure your kubectl version

The deployment leverages `kubectl` running in proxy mode for API access. By default, the deployment is set to use kubectl 1.4.0 for this. If you are running in a 1.3 cluster, change this to 1.3.6.
For a list of available versions, check the [hub.docker.com page for kubectl-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/palmstonegames/kubectl-proxy/tags/)

### Create the Kubernetes Certificate Manager Deployment

The `kube-cert-manager` requires persistent storage to hold the following data:

* Let's Encrypt user accounts, private keys, and registrations
* Let's Encrypt issued certificates

Create a persistent disk which will store the `kube-cert-manager` database.
> [boltdb](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt) is used to persistent data.

```
gcloud compute disks create kube-cert-manager --size 10GB
```

> 10GB is the minimal disk size for a Google Compute Engine persistent disk.

The `kube-cert-manager` requires access to the Kubernetes API to perform the following tasks:

* Read secrets that hold Google cloud service accounts.
* Create, update, and delete Kubernetes TLS secrets backed by Let's Encrypt Issued certificates.

The `kube-cert-manager` leverages `kubectl` running in proxy mode for API access and both containers should be deployed in the same pod.

Check the persistent storage configuration and the [arguments](deployment-arguments.md) in `../k8s/deployment.yaml` are what you want.

Create the `kube-cert-manager` deployment:

```
kubectl create -f k8s/deployment.yaml 
```
```
deployment "kube-cert-manager" created
```

Review the `kube-cert-manager` logs:

```
kubectl get pods
```
```
NAME                                 READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kube-cert-manager-1999323568-op6nk   2/2       Running   0          25s
```

```
kubectl logs kube-cert-manager-1999323568-op6nk kube-cert-manager
```

```
2016/09/14 15:08:24 Starting Kubernetes Certificate Controller...
2016/09/14 15:08:24 Kubernetes Certificate Controller started successfully.
```
